What? They dare to touch you?
Security helps him
Take them away from me now
No please go out
Is to give up
This is kicking them out for me.
Don't you know it's my private room today?
Private room
What a big breath!
Manager Xiao
Do you know what the Royal Court Club is?
Even my father didn't dare to say that he was here.
Really? Didn't you notice?
I'm the only table in the whole restaurant
How?
No one is booked today
Damn brat
Still trying to bluff me
Manager, hurry up and do it!
Upper body manager
Even the guests don't know about the private room
Call your boss
Excuse me?
Our boss is having dinner with the head of the city
No time to see
Oops why are you here
Boss Xu Xuxu, aren't you eating with bare hands?
And eat shit
Don't say a big shot just booked the hotel
You hurry up and arrange it.
We want to receive the highest standards